[native] Fix docker compose to allow debug builds and clarify README (#22795)
prestodb/presto: presto-native-execution/scripts/dockerfiles/README.md

### 2. Build Dependency Image using docker/podman compose

> The dependencies are always build in Release mode.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Dependency Image is always built in ``Release`` mode.
```
Let me know if this suggestion is not correct, please.

Author: The Release mode applies to dependencies inside the Dependency image.
But I noticed we mentioned this above as well. So I removed it from here.

### 3. Build Runtime Image

Specify the build type using ``BUILD_TYPE`` (defaults to Release)

> build argument.

Reviewer: What are the options for ``BUILD_TYPE``, and are they documented anywhere? I find ``Release`` mentioned here, and elsewhere ``Debug``. Are there others?

Author: I add an explanation for this.
